[Music]
this is all the glamour that no one
tells you that will make you an average
day in Antarctica add into that there
are millions of spiders and then you
look down with scorpions gonna get into
your boots - 50 continuous day6 where
almost nothing has happened these guys
have moved for the best part of ten days
the planes just left and that's us on
our own now for eight months it's almost
lunchtime
which is just a huge highlight in a day
you eat more bees new do you hate
knowing
hate the rain because it's pouring down
my back for a small hole for the
railways to get stuck in the cars we
hate the rain because the car goes
sideways a lot in the dark I makes tummy
feel funny when you can't see anything
it's raining again but lightning stuff
but let me tell you that we're young but
truth be told when they do stuff they're
more exciting than any other absolutely
speechless be fascinating to be there
all the way along and see what happens
[Music]
mainly wild tiny curves doing what a
tire customer
kind of makes it worthwhile seeing me
moments moments of magic that is my
first cycle of odd characters we've seen
so much that we never thought we'd see
capturing the beauty and has been
fabulous
[Music]
I'll change the world this is amazing